Add current id to incidents list emailcampaign (#12953)
demisto/content: Packs/Campaign/ReleaseNotes/2_0_3.md

#### Scripts
##### FindEmailCampaign

> - added include_self flag, if true add the current incident to EmailCampaign list in context

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added the *include_self* argument, if set to `true` the script will add the current incident to **EmailCampaign** list in the context.
```
